Welcome to Leading Change, a simulation designed to help you better
manage and facilitate organizational change in your office.
This course is meant to emulate your office environment; as you can see,
you have a desk, a computer, a smart phone, and an office door.
Please note that on some devices, you may have to scroll down the page
to see all of the content. As you progress through the simulation,
you will get emails, text messages, voicemails, IMs, and
in-person visits from members of your team.
[door - knock sound]
Team member: Your wanted to see me?
Throughout the course, you’ll face challenges, make decisions, and interact
with your team members. No matter what you sound like in real life,
the following is what your voice will sound like during the simulation:
You: Hi! Yes, come in. As you know, the purchase request
has been approved by the CFO, but Shannon put a halt on the process.
Your decisions will prompt various conversations between you
(the executive) and your coworkers.
You want the project to be successful,so choose wisely!
The main menu is located in the bottom right corner of the screen.
This consists of: the Closed Captions button, the Transcript button,
the Help button, the Resources button, and Exit.
The CC button will turn on closed captioning for all video animations
in the course. Just select the button and answer the question with "Okay."
This turns on captioning for all the videos in the course. To turn captioning off,
select the button again, and again select "Okay."
The Transcript button will appear only on screens where there is audio
content that isn't included as screen text. Selecting the Transcript button
will offer a record of that audio content for you to read. In order to view the
transcript and other popups, you must turn off your browser’s popup blocker.
If you need assistance turning off your popup blocker,
contact your system administrator.
If you won't be checking the transcript on each screen where it appears,
please make sure you have working speakers or headphones, and that your
computer’s audio is turned on! There is essential information in the simulation
(received through voicemails, narration, and phone calls, for example)
that is not covered in the onscreen text; and you'll miss out
if your speakers are turned off.
If you need to refresh your memory about the course functionality,
the Help button will launch the video you're watching now, in a separate window.
The Resources button will launch a selection of two printable documents:
your project mission and a description of your team members.
Selecting the Exit button will close the course. If you exit without completing
the course, your progress will be saved. You will be able to continue from
your last completed screen when you return. However, we do recommend
that you complete this simulation in one sitting.
The Next and Back buttons will allow you to progress to the next screen,
or go back to a previous screen. On some screens, the Next button may be
disabled until you complete the on-screen instructions,
which are always located here in the black bar at the bottom of your screen.
For instance, these instructions read: "Select your computer to learn more."
You have now completed the Navigation tutorial!